docs/integrations/notion.md, before:

---
title: Publish to Notion
---

## How to build a Notion Bot

1. Sign up for a Notion account, if you don't have one already.
2. Create a new Integration by going to the [Notion API page](https://developers.notion.com/docs/getting-started) and clicking on "My integrations" in the top-right corner of the page.
3. Give your integration a name and click on "Create Integration".
4. On the integration page, click on "Add a new integration".
5. Select "Internal Integration" and click "Submit".
6. On the next page, you will see your "Integration Token". Copy this token as you will need it later.
7. Grant your integration access to a database by sharing the database with your integration. To do this, go to the database you want to use with your bot, click on the three-dot menu, and select "Share".
8. In the "Invite people" field, enter the name of your integration and select it from the list.
9. Select the appropriate permissions for your integration and click on "Send".

Note: Wayback currently only supports publishing to Nostr.

## Configuration

After creating a new account, you will have the `Integration Token` and `Notion database ID`.

Next, place these keys in the environment or configuration file:

- `WAYBACK_NOTION_TOKEN`: Notion integration token.
- `WAYBACK_NOTION_DATABASE_ID`: Notion database ID for archiving results.

Commit message:

Improve publish service (#382)
* Fix nostr publish

* Use latest commit

* Closes publish services

* Use context from worker pool

* Rename fn

* Fix notion data struct (#383)

* Fix notion block fails

* Refine log output

* Append large page

* Media blocks

* Fix event data

* update changelog

* Add shutdown testing

* Change os.Setenv to testing.Setenv

* Fix meilisearch testing

* Make urlcheck exclude-patterns configurable

docs/integrations/notion.md, after:

---
title: Publish to Notion
---

## How to build a Notion Integration

1. Sign up for a Notion account, if you don't have one already.
2. Create a new Integration by going to the [Notion API page](https://www.notion.so/my-integrations) and clicking on "**My integrations**" in the top-right corner of the page.
3. Give your integration a name and click on "**Create Integration**".
4. On the integration page, click on "**Add a new integration**".
5. Select "**Internal Integration**" and click "**Submit**".
6. On the next page, you will see your "**Integration Token**". Copy this token as you will need it later.
7. Grant your integration access to a database by sharing the database with your integration. To do this, go to the database you want to use with your bot, click on the three-dot menu, and select "**Share**".
8. In the "**Connections**" field, navigate to "**Add connections**", find your integration and select it from the list.
9. Select the appropriate permissions for your integration and click on "**Confirm**".

Note: A Notion database must be created using the "**New page**" option, not the "**Add a page**" option.

## Configuration

After creating a new account, you will have the `Integration Token` and `Notion database ID`.

Next, place these keys in the environment or configuration file:

- `WAYBACK_NOTION_TOKEN`: Notion integration token.
- `WAYBACK_NOTION_DATABASE_ID`: Notion database ID for archiving results.
